Start some docs for the operator (#2076)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/con-about-operator-guide.adoc

[discrete]
= About this guide

This guide covers using the *Kubernetes operator* for Kroxylicious, including configuration, security and operation.

> Other guides should be consulted if you want run the proxy on platforms other than Kubernetes or to develop plugins for Kroxylicious.

Author: The reason I added this is because we can't assume that the reader has navigated to this guide from the home page of the site. For example if they've just followed a link from somewhere randomly on the web. So they might not be aware what other documentation exists, and better match what they're trying to achieve.

> Other guides should be consulted if you want run the proxy on platforms other than Kubernetes or to develop plugins for Kroxylicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to other Kroxylicious guides for information on running the proxy outside Kubernetes or for advanced topics such as plugin development.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we also need to condition this as plugin development not a downstream thing?
